https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6935 CIM OS image detail (#5710)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cim_intro.adoc

- An agent that performs discovery, validation, and installation tasks.
- The necessary configuration for reaching the service on the hub cluster, including the endpoint, token, and static network configuration, if applicable.

> You generally have a single Discovery Image for each infrastructure environment, which is a set of hosts sharing a common set of properties. The `InfraEnv` custom resource definition represents this infrastructure environment and associated Discovery Image. The image used is based on your {ocp-short} version, which determines the OS version that is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You generally have a single Discovery Image for each infrastructure environment, which is a set of hosts sharing a common set of properties. The `InfraEnv` custom resource definition represents this infrastructure environment and associated Discovery Image. The image used is based on your {ocp-short} version, which determines the operating system version that is selected.
```

Author: Indeed, fixed, thanks!
